# Contributing

Firstly, thank you for taking the time to contribute! Contributions of any size are always appreciated.

The library is built using the node environment, so you need to have that already installed along with git.
First you will need to fork then clone the repository and install the dependancies. If you are not sure how to do either of these things, check the github and npm documentation respectively.

Also, you may wish to have a look at the [trainlink dev environment](https://github.com/trainlink-org/trainlink-dev) which is recommended for working on the whole project.

## Choosing something to work on

If you have a feature in mind or a bug you'd like to fix, great! If not, have a look at the open issues and see if there is something you might like to work on.

## Making changes

To help make your changes, you can view the documentation for the library [here](https://trainlink-org.github.io/trainlink-types).
Once you have made your changes and are ready to try them out, you can build the library using:

```bash
$ npm run build
```

Then before creating a PR, run the following commands:

```bash
$ npm test
```

to run the unit tests and check test coverage and:

```bash
$ npm run format
```

to format your code correctly.

Please try to add JSDoc comments to methods and classes to help others understand what your code means!

# Directory structure

### .github

Stores all files related to GitHub Actions

### dist

Contains the compiled Javascript output plus typesript type files

### docs

Contains the autogenerated documentation files, these are built from JSDoc comments

### src

Where all the source files are, this is generally where you want to be working
